# shop-management-system
PHP and MySQL project on Retail Store Management System is a web based project and it has been developed in PHP and MySQL and we can manage Customer, Product, Retail Price, Store, Stock and Bill from this project. The main objective to develop Retail Store Management System PHP and MySQL Project is to overcome the manual errors and make a computerzied system.

In this project, there are various type of modules available to manage Stock, Product, Customer. We can also generate reports for Product, Customer, Store, Bill. Here the Customer module manage all the operations of Customer, Product module can manage Product, Retail Price module is nor mally developed for managing Retail Price, Store module manages Store operations, Stock module has been implemented to manage Stock.

This is also a Major Retail Store Management System Project, which you can submit in final year. But if you need Mini Project on Retail Store Management System then we can develop it also. Also if you are looking for DBMS Project on Retail Store Management System then you can de velop it in MySQL and PHP. You can run this project in XAMP, WAMP, MAMP or LAMP server. We have implemented advance search feature for searching records on various criteria for Product, Customer, Stock also admin can perform Create, read, update and delete (CRUD) operations on Retail Price, Store, Bill. In this project all the modules like Customer, Store, Product are tightly coupled and we can track the informations easily.
